I'm now talking about the voice of America's information service investigation.
Yes, sir.
I think you mentioned the name of a person there that you were led to the commoners
that back row in any way.
I know.
Well, in any way, all I want to establish is that that person was not in any way connected
to the Department of the Army.
Oh, I can see that right off the end.
That's very clear.
Sure.
And that, sir, the government's printing office in that case, we've heard a lot about that.
That is likewise in no way connected to the Department of the Army.
Well, so they did some work, secret work for the Army, but I would agree with you for the first of this year.
It was in no way connected with our investigation.
The responsibility for the security matters of the government printing office did not rest on Mr. Steven Zartoff, didn't it?
Certainly not, by my way, no sir.
Now we were talking about whether or not in the course of your investigation, you uncovered any espionage.
It's been referred to as the current espionage at Fort Monmouth, and I, Gavin, you didn't quite agree with me when I suggested you did not uncover any such evidence.
Is that correct?
I said so, a topic which is very difficult to define.
I told you that there was there a Mike's, very instant espionage, and handling espionage cases.
There was a very dangerous situation.
We were very clear that there had been espionage, that it had continued until at least a fairly recent time.
And that a potential espionage situation still did exist. It was a bad situation. I'm not going to put it here.
Well, it's not put here.
But let's also be fair to both sides. There's always potential espionage in the military, as well as another sense of importance of the government.
There's not much further than just a potential it might be anyway. There was a specific situation here.
Well, as the secrecy goes up, the potentiality goes up.
Even on top of that, there were specific people there who had records and had done things which would put any security officer on notice.
Are you referring to Aaron Coleman?
I think he's a pretty good example.
Well, I thought we agreed just today that his clearance has been lifted and he's been working in a building not even on the post.
Sorry, that doesn't mean too much to me.
Well, I would have thought it would not mean too much to you, but perhaps it may mean something to some other people.
Well, let me ask you that question. Isn't it true that if you had uncovered evidence of espionage, it would have been the duty of the FBI and the Department of Justice to submit that evidence to a grand jury and seeking indictment on it?
Doesn't work quite that way.
You won't answer that one yet to know.
Which I could, I can't.
In any event, insofar as you know, the FBI and the Department of Justice did not submit any of the cases that you uncovered to a grand jury seeking indictment.
For espionage?
For espionage.
I don't know where they have one.
Well, you know they did not.
No, I don't know.
You don't know that.
Nothing.
And by the same token, you don't know that they did.
That's right.
And you would trust the testimony of the FBI to evaluate whether evidence comes to espionage or not.
Would you not?
When we start, we're given the full fact that it's a vilify and given to the FBI by the people who have responsibility.
I would trust that judgment on any.
You think that you have facts? Yes, the FBI did not have.
It might be possible for that.
And of course, our investigation, we would develop certain things by use of our propane of power, which the FBI does not have, which would be helpful to them.
Yes, sir.
Did you turn those facts over to the FBI?
Then they did have the facts if you had.
Is that right?
Well, to the extent that we went up, we turned the facts over to the museum.
Well, when I say we turned the facts over, I believe so.
We furnished copies of our transcripts to the FBI.
Well, that's turning the facts over, sir.
In an all-fairness few with the CONG, you did the same thing to the Army.
We certainly tried to say.
Well, you find it's trans goods to the Army, but what went on?
Yes, sir, I believe we did.
And so you now can't tell us whether or not the FBI and the Department of Justice start indictments against anyone, then it would go ahead.
It's one month.
Uh...
What?
Five to one month or S.D. and I.
Yes.
No, I can't.
All right.
All right. There's not a lot of talks about General Love.
We, I think, use my kind of creativity to find professional soldiers.
I certainly believe it's right.
You have the authority of no one other than Robert C. Stevens for that.
There goes the unbeing of find professional soldier.
I think he's been a great anti-chummy expert.
It's very important to me.
All right.
I will go along with you on that.
Now, I believe that your testimony, sir, that on October the 14th, in an evening section,
General Lotton testified before your committee on a evening of October 14th.
I should.
To the waitress, I'll get some space and I'll probably...
Well, I'm very well familiar with this.
If you want to ask me about what he said on the question of S.D. and I support my committee, I'm ready to talk to you about that.
Well, I think I have a plan. If you'd like it, I'll get it.
Sure.
I think you'd feel a more accurate plan.
If you want to ask me the question about what I'll be giving you, if you want, anyway.
Bonnie, you're searching for the tank. Get them while we have the opportunity.
You have the other face, General.
I have a tanker.
Yes, I have it.
But they didn't.
I have a here at 814.
Are you ready, Mr. Cohn?
Yes, I'm ready to put something out, but I don't want to call the air at the moment.
Well, I suggest you do that, so you can call things by a distance, if they're responsive to questions.
Sure.
And why you have to wait until a week or a week or so.
I'm working on it.
Now, I'm taking 814 as a transcript of that session.
The chairman was determined to ask this question.
Could you tell us why it is only in the last two or three weeks that you are getting these effective results?
I think you remember that question.
Sorry, welcome.
I'm curious.
And the answer by General Lawton was, yes, but I had better not.
I know that so well, but I am working for Mr. Steven.
I think you remember that answer.
Sorry, welcome.
Now, I want to ask you, Mr. Cohn, whether when you heard that question and that answer,
you thought that General Lawton was being critical of Robert Steven.
I'd answer it this way, Mr. McClare.
Well, first, you know, in the past, we've had the rule that you have to answer, yes, and no, then put it in front of it and say anything you want.
Sure.
Now, would you try to follow that rule?
I will, but the answer is yes.
I think he was in giving a social answer.
He had to be critical of the people for whom we worked, who had made a difficult to him to suspend both time units and make right our laboratory.
I think he was reluctantly critical and critical and responsible for his question, but he had answers.
You think he was reluctantly critical?
I do.
Now, let me read you the preceding question.
The chairman, what does that have to do with him?
And you have a complete cooperation of the Secretary of the Army in this, I understand.
And General Lawton answered absolutely and same as I move.
Yes.
Now, in the preceding question, do you think that General Lawton was being critical of the Secretary of the Army?
I think so.
You answered that and a question for the usual rule.
You have to know about and then say anything you want.
Sure.
No, I think what he was saying there isn't a whole thing, that once Senator McClare at the end of the picture and puts a pressure on Mr. Steven's about the situation.
Mr. Steven's then began to cooperate and think remotely.
But before Senator McClare became alone, nobody could get anything done.
So, what the net effect of it is, as you will find it then, and mine's you with it, and I was not, that's just general of the same critical.
What was the second kind of thing on it?
Uh, not so the net effect of what to me was, the General Lawton said, I've known about this security risk, communist infiltration situation for a long period of time.
I've been able to do something about it only in a few, two or three weeks since Senator McClare and his committee came on the scene.
Since they came on the scene, I have been getting cooperation from Mr. Steven.
And his task is before that, I wasn't getting help from anybody.
I get my hands on him.
Uh, Mr. David?
Yes, sir.
General, have some of them come.
Yes.
Uh, Senator Grayson?
Senator Jackson?
Yes.
Senator Simon?
Mr. Cameron, I have a few notes there.
First, three charges presented.
A new diversion and a new attack against me by Senator McClare.
The present is a pupil of Missouri in the main, one television by Senator McClare, in the 1952 campaign.
And I'm reassured by the fact they will think as little of them now as they get then.
Now let me get my notes together with Robert and Haystale.
Mr. Stateno was ahead of the United Electrical Works.
He was the international vice president in Missouri.
By law, he had represented for some time the people in the plan that I went to originally.
Everybody knew that he was ahead of the Communist Party and that's part of the United States because he often said so.
I see on his own, or came into my plan, I believe, in 1940, but the second Mr. Stateno and all of us conversed.
I worked very closely with the FBI.
The charge of any money, however, in any way, passed the framework of Senator and me, his totally and completely false, just another diversion and just another attack.
The meetings referred to by Mr. Vice-Centren Macroffing, which I attended with Mr. Stateno and the Times attended, were also attended by leading citizens to Republicans and Democrats of St. Lawrence.
They were infigated and chaired by one of the most beloved men that I have ever known.
Bishop of the Marauders will talk of Missouri, formerly Bishop of Arizona.
And I would ask anybody who has any question of that beloved bourgerman who has some of the Barry Goldwater of Arizona, what he thinks of.
I might have the Bishop's thought was not on the list of a vegetable birdie drawn up in the recent controversial article by Mr. J.D. Macroffing.
Now finally, Mr. Cameron, there was never a step taken for suspectedly negotiations that wasn't approved in its entire if it was of any importance.
Negotiations in my plan, by one of the greatest Americans that I have ever known, and one of the men who suffered as much from the time he has any man I know.
Mr. James Carey, the head of the United Electrical Workers, a lot of the new unions that took its place.
They nearly destroyed it. He went out. He knows this story in complete detail.
And I was suggest most honestly for the chair that it oughted to clarify some of the terrible passions that are scooping through to people in these areas.
But he'd be called before the committee to tell the truth, with respect to this latest divergence and its latest attack on me.
Someone had three days ago, a little car, that I would like to lead to the American people.
It would have made out of some under the guise of doing the foremost anti-communist, or doing the work of the time and movement in this country.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have no question to ask, or Mr. Cohn, but I would ask the chair, especially because of the dreadful attacks that have been made upon me, by the Senator from Wisconsin.
I would ask the chair to ask the Senator if he will sign the letter so that we can both testify on the oath for the points that both of us think almost important.
The chair will have to say in our due different, so he's calling from the chair. He realizes that I'm sure the Senator from the chair was realized.
The chair is dealing with Bill Sutton, and some of the unnamed companies, which apparently, the President of the Missouri,
all over the chair, and the government on name, you remember the other days, when the question of Mr. Green's class, Mr. Rosenberg was brought in, the company, Congressman, with name, and double-feeble, and who the air didn't know that he was an anti-feeble statement,
and double-feeble and who the use, so that it would be too bad, those communists that worked in my plan.
The fact that I never had anything to do was that company. In any way, of any time, whatever. I never owned the chair with stock in it.
I never worked for it on our day or a minute. That's the Emerson Radio Company. With company we are now talking about, and I take pleasure in telling the American people about it,
because I work with it in the forth, but great thought is the Emerson Electric Manufacturing around.
I don't want to get into an argument with the time that Mr. Smith's choice is. I don't want to make him any relationship, but I tell him what I will do, and I'll give him a night, since then five hours ago.
He's so fine, and he's facing the right people, right? So he's facing about a few two-beds, just communists that worked in this plan, that's what he says, right?
He doesn't say that he's a right-and-the-caliant. He's burning me instead. If you hear Roy, just mention your plan.
Yes, I thought you'd want to know about it.
Now, I say, I don't want to tell him, and he always stands to tell what he says. He got it to whether it's on the record or off record.
Sure, I will. And I will not even go for five hours to repeat what you made me promise not to say.
Well, I will repeat it, but I want you to ask him not to mention that we make it in May, because Mr. Tom came up to me also,
and I said, I'm sorry, but I had to mention your plan. I said, Roy, I am too.
Well, I'll go back to the village. I'll return to the village, if you realize it, until he's calling for you.
But any other place that goes out of the village, if you want to come to the village, is coming in until the cutler.
And if you're ready, you'll go out and go for a great batch of shaman.
Yes, that's right. Emerson is an electric non-apacate, and he doesn't have the door.
Very well. So it's coming in from the cutlery.
Four of us are going to do that. Sometimes we'll just need to go over.
However, at least that's the thing. It's certainly not one of the problems, but the adjudicated side of it,
the many need to allow it to.
Now, as I mentioned in your letter, from the message, I've been to be sent over by this committee, so the chair is not going to recommend this.
So I feel it's going to be fun that we bring in Mr. James Chai, or any of the other people who might accept the plan all together.
Here's all of the countries that are in existence that we use as a son of the government.
It's a gentleman in this, and you'll come and take it out of my time.
You have just continued your time.
And I'll say to you all of those, I thank you for our time.
I did.
Well, I'll say we're not taking out a good time.
Thank you very much.
First, all I was trying to do was to see to the agreement which was suggested in combination by Senator M. Barney and me.
And I would like to know if he would like to sign that letter, and if he will sign that letter.
And secondly, I think it's most extraordinary considering the fact that we try to actically every communist in America and the adherence.
But in this matter, it made a game to me, of this car.
Not to call it a great American, who could answer the call, which causes himself far better than I could, because he is so much closer to the problem.
I therefore respectfully question that the chair is mistaken immediately in this manner.
Not to call it a scary, and I gain it.
And if the game keeps beating, Secretary Secretary of the CIO, be called to answer this letter to Chathapunney, may by the time it comes with time.
So I'll have to give the same answer and the same basis, if he would have called all of the witnesses.
Well, as for all of the charges, the federal Attorney has made against you.
And all of the witnesses, the answer all of the charges.
And if you have any good time to look at it, we will be here well beyond that.
At external to the post-war years, and possible as late as 1951, Mr. Frenzer will immediately following,
quoting Stephen, there was an espionage in the Second Court, working on the right stages of the war in a letter here, as he says.
But there was cut off in 1949, 1906, or 1951, as difficult to determine.
Still quoting Stephen.
When I say that a press conference last Friday, the Army has no proof of true investigation, I want to make it unmistakably clear
that I was speaking of the Army investigation online, and not of the inquiry by the teleprimament of the military investigation of the Temple of Cassius Chairman.
When the assays press and the infiltration has been drawn from the press conference, that can be said that they have done the last thing that has not been done for over the years.
So what is all the secretary?
Cool.
That is entirely incorrect, as the lack of the press conference will surely reply.
And dropping down to the sub-head of the torpedoes, think just missing.
A former security officer in the General Electric Plants at the Connected in New York, testified yesterday that 20-30-6 the documents,
and a new type of torpedo had been found missing in August of 1952.
Some of the magistrates that he valuates in these documents, resolved with the conclusions they were sufficiently revealing to compromise the entire torpedo project.
So I've had the impact on all the actual, but the media that would get paid off roughly about Secretary Stephen, so that they got it.
And he said that he didn't know for the afternoon that he said that there is a set-off in 49-50-51, is difficult to determine.
The awful lot of the government's fair make much of the point that they need.
There are no indictments for that, but again, there's a movement of matter.
It was correct that there has been no conviction for that, but some of them in 42 or 43.
I think that's right.
For the words, the German papers in the early 40s, I think that's right.
And I think that even the Roman words were not convicted of that.
No, they were not.
They were convicted of some therapy to commit that to that practice.
They were not convicted of that to the United States.
They were convicted of some therapy, so it's been that it's been out there.
A lot of the technical proof involved on the United States practice.
Now, is it for the fact that the claim that they're coming,
when you're the French, you're normally 35 individuals who are suspended,
and it's coming to back down some of the world's requirements,
that the reason, of course, for the French who are the fear that they might take committing death to not.
Yes, but that's certainly one, as I say, in some cases.
It went further than that, so it's a case of actual disappearance of documents and removal of documents.
And again, there are other things that I don't want to go on to any of these days.
If no one will be responsible enough to get a conviction for us,
then let's give a number of witnesses.
I actually see the man taking the serial, handed over to a court and said,
that's not even enough.
There are other elements of technical proof on the United States,
which make the problem very, very difficult one.
But if you're not coming, handling the secret radar on the serial,
that radar radar is in effect in open conduct available to the coming of time.
Yes, so I think that any distinction with the bloody heads about it
is a dangerous situation.
That's all they can do is a dangerous situation.
Now, I'm going to say that the French fire seems to be trying to win them around the facts
that I took them under the Communists of Stone and Telecommunications Laboratory.
I gather and it feels unless the fires are at Fort Monmouth, they're not important.
I may be doing it injustice by that.
Each of us has a 50-mile-of-a-less important one.
A communist fire would be just as dangerous in telecommunications
and when it's taken forward, handling works in Fort Monmouth,
as though that's fire, or on the physical plan, that's Fort Monmouth.
The distinction is to whether they work at Fort Monmouth for 50 miles away
or what takes the Fort Monmouth or what takes the Pythagorean thing across
and they're very unimportant to think.
And there's an individual who is handling top secret work, the top secret work.
It's one of the things that we know in this room for our hands.
We're working in telecommunications until the day that we ask the security officer to produce it.
That's right, Sarah.
It's a middle of December of the past year.
That's what you want to go.
The former 13 had leaked to be accurate.
That's right.
And she appeared on the summer 16 and was doing the teleholder announcement.
She was engaged in the conspiracy from the dust in her room.
Yes, she did.
She involved with the system and then I'm not assuming she was going to keep 30.
She can met up the United States and about a lot of other things.
And we're explaining to her, as you recall, that she could not refuse to testify in regard to the afternoon
unless she felt that her answer might unopened some of my questions.
And once she refused to tell her to have been giving secret material to people known to her,
to be agents of common destruction.
She refused to go out of the stuff in some of my questions.
That's not like a lie.
Now, I know Mr. Frank Sparrow, besides the minimized, the fact that Mr. Coleman picked us a grant that had been lifted.
After he was working on the post, associating with individuals through a 65-day plane,
and all of them, from the public, apparently had a lot of much access to six of the material.
The fact that he was not, as when he was politically working on himself.
So that's particularly showing Mr. Coleman's case, because it's very, very short to show that he was not about asking other people to take classified information from the laboratory and give it to him.
So thank you, Mr. Sparrow.
Well, let's look at one of the questions.
As soon as the worst thing I guess today raised a very important question, and by the attention from this,
there is a very important question, as a question of the Fifth Amendment's Communist structure.
Is it correct that the investigation has shown that this Fifth Amendment's Communist will guarantee the Communist leadership skills, not to tell rank and file Communists?
He had been a secretary of the Governor of Yokohama in Japan, and the funny got to see how they're working.
His orders were trained to remove apparent power from the living family, by trial.
The fact that the only reason he could think of was that his wife and daughter had been going to a trial class,
and he didn't even think of the name of a trial class, but the both of them did the same.
And beyond that, he had nothing to make us a hard to pay.
Nothing.
And our investigation showed that just a vast number of young men was real hard to pay.
To apply for a space-side duty, or to use file of Communists, with four issues, got a flush board back at Camp Chomer.
Now, they found their ways to press the women at a Congressman's pit of security, getting the first of considerations.
I don't think anyone tried to tell the committee that they knew how effective the Communists were.
I mean, the Congressmen were.
We don't know if the government is able to see the investigation, but there's no nothing to say about this.
But there's only information here about the Congressmen, why they need the application.
We don't know a lot of different routine requests.
The campaign is office, so that he knew that the others are signed in on.
But then they asked the government of Communists managers,
whether they come under the government's presence, who actually helped him get his order signed,
and refused to answer the government's answer my question, because I thought I'd collect him yesterday.
So that, as of now, either you and I and anyone of the facts,
have any way of knowing what importance the Congressmen's request was,
whether it was made by his office, whether he made himself from the routine requests,
whether they took an active part in the change of duty.
We don't have a final answer on that.
I asked all the questions, and since then, they've viewed the trust in the front of the front,
to work that way, as the other day, and I think it was a very good question to all the other day.
So, the other questions was from Sarah.
They asked me to move you questions in the envelope.
You cannot get any useful out of this, Mr. Dinkin.
We've all gathered, and I'm in position of a man who's already been tired of the tale.
They need to hold you.
It's way we can move in my case, it's been possible to try to move.
The man who's been here, I was very surprised, because there's a lot of commitment on the wall.
So, I'm getting asked on that.
I'm going to look for any of the things that I have been trying to minimize,
and the danger of a kind of a government being.
But I'm sure you wouldn't want to.
I, as a parent to me, at least I hope I've been getting the idea.
I just want to get these things spread out so we can determine responsibility for them,
not once and all, again.
That's right, isn't it?
Now, as I said, there was no evidence of espionage.
There's at least no indictments for espionage, and you quite often point out to me
that espionage and conspiracy to commit our espionage are different things.
I agree.
If you uncover any evidence that was backed up or even support and indictments for our conspiracy
to commit espionage, there was sufficient evidence for us to submit it to the FBI.
And if the FBI do you now always take any action?
I assume that they are taking action.
You assume that they are, but as of this moment, you...